Monopoly Game Instruction
1.  Run the game in View.
2.  A popup window will appear and prompt the players to enter the number of players. 
    The number of players should be between 2 and 4. Enter a number between 2 and 4
    and press OK.
3.  Depend on how many players there are, a new popup window will appear and prompt 
    the players to enter the owner of Tokens. The players can each enter 
    in their name. When this is done, a new popup window will appear and display the 
    total number of players, and what the name of each player is. Then click OK to continue.
4.  Monopoly game board opens up. There are 5 buttons on the buttom right panel for buying deeds,
    modifying deeds, rolling dice, and either ending the current turn or terminating the game.
5.  A player click on the "Roll" button, and expect to see his/ her own token being moved to the
    corresponding square.
6. A player then click on the "Buy" button to purchase a deed on the current location. 
7. If the player chooses not to make a purchase, then the player clicks on the "End Turn" button.
8. A player click on the "End Turn" button to end his/her turn. The second player begins his/ her
   own turn. 
9. Repeat step 5 to 8 in order to purchase property
10. Once the player has at least one deed, the player is able to use the "My Deeds" button
    to modify the deeds. Otherwise a popup window prompts the player to indicates the player 
    has no deed. 
11. To modify the deeds by clicking on the "My Deeds" button, the player has to pick a deed in
    the drop down menu and then click on the "OK" button.
12. The second drop down menu prompts the player with 5 options to modify deeds:

	- Sell: Sell the deed and money is added to the user account
	- Build house: Build on the deed and money is withdraw from the user account
	- Build hotel: Build on the deed and money is withdraw from the user account
	- Mortgage: Bank provides the player half amount of the deed cost
	- Unmortgage: Player deposits 1.5 time of the deed cost to the bank
13. Once the timer is up, the game is automatically ended
14. The game announces the one with the most money as the winner
